Update discord.js guide (#81)
FalixNodes-Software/help-center: _posts/discord/2021-08-06-discordjs.md

# Creating And Hosting a Discord Bot Using Discord.js
## Creating a Bot
First, simply go to [Discord's Developers Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications) and login.
Then, click on "New Application" in the top right corner of the screen, give it a name and click on "Create". 
After that, click on bot on the side menu, press add bot and confirm it.
You've successfully created the bot account!

## Coding a Bot

> To start coding your Discord bot, please refer to the offical [Discord.js guide] for a detailed step-by-step guide with further information and examples.

Author: ```suggestion
To start coding your Discord bot, please refer to the official [Discord.js guide](https://discordjs.guide) for a detailed step-by-step guide with further information and examples.
```
